ci: deploy download portal to s3 (#8)
gravitee-io/download.gravitee.io: README.adoc

----
❯ yarn start:dev
----

== Publish on S3

> WARNING: your need your Circle CI API Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: You will need a Circle CI API Token to be able to publish a new version
```
